Implement multiple message relay (#4812)
hyperlane-xyz/hyperlane-monorepo: .changeset/lovely-planes-end.md

---
'@hyperlane-xyz/cli': minor
'@hyperlane-xyz/sdk': minor
---

> Allow self-relaying of all messages for a given dispatch transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow self-relaying of all messages if there are multiple in a given dispatch transaction.
```
